Settings Guides (#698)
dirigeants/klasa: guides/Getting Started/Settings.md

Internally, we use this option to avoid users from disabling guarded commands (check {@link Command#guard}):

```javascript
const filter = (client, command, entry, language) => {
	if (command.guarded) throw language.get('COMMAND_CONF_GUARDED', command.name);
};

```

In this case, `client` is the {@link KlasaClient} instance, `command` the resolved command (the output from the command's SchemaType), `piece` is a {@link SchemaPiece} instance, and guild is a {@link Guild} instance, which may be null.

### Resolve option

The resolve option allows you specify whether or not you want your primitive values turned back into their full objects (where possible, ex: Turning User ID => User Object). When using the resolve method, this option will determine whether or not you get back a primitive or not. This option is true by default, and will automatically resolve every single object in array where possible.

An example: You have a roles array that gives certain roles permissions to use more commands. You want to check if a user has any of the roles in the array.

```javascript
const { Client } = require('klasa');

// Resolve is default by true, here for example purposes

> Client.defaultGuildSceham.add('roles', 'role', { array: true, resolve: true });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client.defaultGuildSchema.add('roles', 'role', { array: true, resolve: true });
```

message.guild.settings.resolve('roles').then(resolved => console.log(resolved));
```

The above code is functionally equivalent to this:

```javascript
const { Client } = require('klasa');

Client.defaultGuildSchema.add('roles', 'role', { array: true });

// Array of Role Objects
const roles = message.guild.settings.get('roles').map(role => message.guild.roles.get(role));
```

> Note: Any key that cannot be resolved to its full object will be set to null to ensure falsy checks work as intended.

## Settings

They are maps that mirror the schemas with the values, they are always filled with all the elements from it, using schema's default values if no value is available in the database, this allows safety as the keys will always exist if they are defined in the schemas. The two most basic actions are:

### Getting a Value

Using {@link Settings#get}, we give it a path:

```javascript
// Get the prefix from the guild
message.guild.settings.get('prefix');
```

When using nested groups, we separate the groups names by dot:

```javascript
// Get the value from the administrator key from the roles group
message.guild.settings.get('roles.administrator');
```

> You can use the pluck method to get multiple keys at once. It will return an object keyed by the paths you gave it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the pluck method to get multiple keys at once. It will return an array in the same order as the paths you gave it.
```

```javascript

> const { prefix, 'roles.administrator': adminRole } = message.guild.settings.pluck('prefix', 'roles.administrator');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const [prefix, adminRole] = message.guild.settings.pluck('prefix', 'roles.administrator');
```

```

> If you would like resolved values as well, you can use the resolve method instead, it follows the same format as pluck, except that non-resolvable keys will be set to null in the returned object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like resolved values as well, you can use the resolve method instead, it follows the same format as pluck, except that non-resolvable keys will be set to null in the returned array.
```

```javascript
// Can also be awaited and destructured
// Output: Role Object or null if unresolvable

> message.guild.resolve('roles.administrator').then(resolvedObject => console.log(resolvedObject['roles.administrator']));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message.guild.resolve('roles.administrator').then(resolvedArray => console.log(resolvedArray[0]));
```
